
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# fishwork

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The purpose of working with the fishwork package is to make it easier
for you, first of all, to develop various applications.

Here are collected functions that have to be dragged from project to
project, so I decided to collect them in one package.

I hope that over time, the number of functions will increase.

## Installation

Over time, instructions will appear here.

## Example

Examples are not everywhere. I know how to use it, third-party use does
not bother me yet, and I’m not sure that anyone but me will need it.

## Quotes and Acknowledgments

I am happy to attach quotes for the packages used in the work.

**base**

R Core Team (2023). R: A language and environment for statistical
computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. URL
<https://www.R-project.org/>.

**checkmate**

Lang M (2017). “checkmate: Fast Argument Checks for Defensive R
Programming.” *The R Journal*, *9*(1), 437-445.
<doi:10.32614/RJ-2017-028> <https://doi.org/10.32614/RJ-2017-028>.

**data.table**

Dowle M, Srinivasan A (2023). *data.table: Extension of `data.frame`*.
<https://r-datatable.com>, <https://Rdatatable.gitlab.io/data.table>,
<https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table>.

**DBI**

R Special Interest Group on Databases (R-SIG-DB), Wickham H, Müller K
(2022). *DBI: R Database Interface*. R package version 1.1.3,
<https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=DBI>.

**futile.logger**

Rowe BLY (2016). *futile.logger: A Logging Utility for R*. R package
version 1.4.3, <https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=futile.logger>.

**glue**

Hester J, Bryan J (2022). *glue: Interpreted String Literals*. R package
version 1.6.2, <https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=glue>.

**lubridate**

Garrett Grolemund, Hadley Wickham (2011). Dates and Times Made Easy with
lubridate. Journal of Statistical Software, 40(3), 1-25. URL
<https://www.jstatsoft.org/v40/i03/>.

**readr**

Wickham H, Hester J, Bryan J (2023). *readr: Read Rectangular Text
Data*. R package version 2.1.4,
<https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=readr>.

**this.path**

Simmons I (2023). *this.path: Get Executing Script’s Path*. R package
version 2.0.0, <https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=this.path>.

**qs**

Ching T (2023). *qs: Quick Serialization of R Objects*. R package
version 0.25.5, <https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=qs>.

**Without these packages, R would not be as good as it is today.**

The book [R Packages (2e)](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_be)
was very helpful in creating this package.
